To begin my project I had a look at the screenshot and tried to jot down as many differences as I could find on a blank page. Then, i created my external css document and started looking at the index.html file as well to see how I wanted to format my css page. I decided that the best course of action for me would be to use the ids then the different elements in the ids to change everything on the page that i needed to so i formatted my style sheet mainly using only the ids from the index.html file.
Then, once I was done with the main bulk of adding some touches onto the ids I noticed that the page was definetly more put together than it was before, but it was still way off from the screenshot specifically with the octopus quiz section and common octopus species table. So, then I started changing the individual id elements starting with octopus quiz, making it a grid, then formatting each element in the grid from there. After that, I got stuck on the table for a while because I couldn't figure out how to get the table to align with the header and the footer, but the body text be indented...eventually i figured out that I needed to JUST INDENT THE BODY instead of trying to further manipulate the table like I had been doing. 
I think overall I did pretty well, I couldnt get the font to match exactly but it looks pretty solid to me. I think one thing I need to work on in regards to CSS is trying to slim down my document a bit. It seems like I started using the ids to change things and eventually found out that I needed to go way deeper to manipulating the actual elements inside the ids to make all the changes I wanted, so in the future there might be a way to make big changes and not have as redundant of css as I have in this one.